---
layout: post
title: eR-BioStat
tags: ['R', 'E-learning']
categories: ['R']
---

eR-BioStat  (1)
================
Ziv Shkedy, University of Hasselt (CenStat)

eR-BioStat
----------



# The >eR-Biostat initative
## Making R based education materials accessible for all

The E-learning system, developed as a part of the **>eR-Biostat**  initiative, offers free online course materials in statistics in all education level, non statisticians, undergraduate and master students in biostatistics/statistics in developing countries. The materials for the courses, that are publicly available, consist of several types: 

The E-learning system, developed as a part of the **>eR-Biostat**  initiative, offers free online course materials in statistics in all education level, non statisticians, undergraduate and master students in biostatistics/statistics in developing countries. The materials for the courses, that are publicly available, consist of several types: 

* Notes for the course.
* Slides for the course.
* R programs, ready to use, which contain all data and R code for the all examples and illustrations discussed in the course.
* YouTube tutorials.
* Homework assignments.
* Example of exams.

# Available courses:

The courses are organized in four clusters.  The **Introductory courses** that aim to train users in data analysis **using R**  at a basic level. These courses were developed for undergraduate students, both non statisticians and statisticians.. The courses within this cluster can also be used as courses to support R usage in undergraduate program in biostatistic/statistics. The course cluster **Basic courses** provides courses  at intermediate level and a basic knowledge in statistics is required  in order to follow the courses. The courses within this cluster can be also use as training courses  for non-statisticians and as courses to support R usage in under graduate program in biostatistic/statistics. The course clusters **Statistical modeling (I)** and **Statistical modeling (II)** consist of basic and advanced courses at a master level in biostatistics/statistics  respectively.  

The courses are organized in four clusters.  The **Introductory courses** that aim to train users in data analysis **using R**  at a basic level. These courses were developed for undergraduate students, both non statisticians and statisticians.. The courses within this cluster can also be used as courses to support R usage in undergraduate program in biostatistic/statistics. The course cluster **Basic  courses** provides courses  at intermediate level and a basic knowledge in statistics is required  in order to follow the courses. The courses within this cluster can be also use as training courses  for non-statisticians and as courses to support R usage in under graduate program in biostatistic/statistics. The course clusters **Statistical modeling (I)** and **Statistical modeling (II)** consist of basic and advanced courses at a master level in biostatistics/statistics  respectively.  





